DOC-1877: Add associations and homeowners associations sections for Germany (#670)
swan-io/docs: docs/partnership/document-center/company-registration/italy.mdx

| Dichiarazione dei redditi dell'impresa | Company income tax return | <ul><li>Must be the most recent tax return.</li></ul> |
| Visura camerale / Iscrizione al RUNTS* | Proof of registration* | <ul><li>Must be issued by an official source and dated.</li><li>Retrieved by Swan when available; otherwise provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |
| Prova dell'indirizzo della sede legale | Proof of company address | <ul><li>Must be dated within the last 3 months.</li><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |
| Procura <br /> Documento d'identità del rappresentante legale | Power of Attorney and ID document of the legal representative | <ul><li>Must be dated within the last year and signed.</li><li>An ID document is required if the legal representative is not the account holder.</li><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |
| Struttura organizzativa / Organigramma | Governance structure documentation | <ul><li>Required when the association's governance structure is complex or not clear from other documents.</li><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |

> | Formulario Persona Politicamente Esposta (PEP) | Politically Exposed Person (PEP) form | <ul><li>Sent to the user (based on your communication preferences).</li><li>Must be dated and signed.</li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Modulo per le persone politicamente esposte | Politically Exposed Person (PEP) form | <ul><li>Will be sent to the user (based on your communication preferences).</li><li>Must be dated and signed.</li></ul> |
```

| Documento d'identità dell'azionario effettivo | ID documents of UBOs | <ul><li>All valid ID documents (including passports) are accepted.</li><li>If the end user doesn't provide the new ID (which includes the tax ID), the Italian national health card (Tessera Sanitaria) will be requested to retrieve the tax ID.</li></ul> |
| Prova dell'indirizzo personale dell'azionario effettivo | Proof of address of UBOs | <ul><li>Must be dated within the last 3 months.</li></ul> |
| Dichiarazione dei redditi dell'impresa | Company income tax return | <ul><li>Must be the most recent tax return.</li></ul> |

> | Visura camerale (Visura ordinaria della società di capitale)* | Proof of company registration* | <ul><li>Retrieved by Swan.</li><li>An official document from the Chamber of Commerce, dated.</li></ul> |

Reviewer: These four rows are verbatim copies of the Companies table: "società di capitale" / "Proof of company registration" don't fit associations (ticket: Visura camerale / Iscrizione al RUNTS), bare "Proof of address" is ambiguous next to the UBO address row, "Organigramma aziendale / holding structure" should be the governance row used on FR/BE/NL/DE in this PR, and the ticket's fifth row (PEP form) is missing. One spanning suggestion in Block 4, please confirm "Retrieved by Swan" for the RUNTS extract with KYC before merging.

| Prova dell'indirizzo | Proof of address | <ul><li>Must be dated within the last 3 months.</li></ul> |
| Procura <br /> Documento d'identità del rappresentante legale | Power of Attorney and ID document of the legal representative | <ul><li>Must be dated within the last year and signed.</li><li>An ID document is required if the legal representative is not the account holder.</li></ul> |

> | Organigramma aziendale | Company structure chart | <ul><li>An internal company document showing the holding structure.</li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Visura camerale / Iscrizione al RUNTS* | Proof of registration* | <ul><li>Must be issued by an official source and dated.</li><li>Retrieved by Swan when available; otherwise provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |
| Prova dell'indirizzo della sede legale | Proof of company address | <ul><li>Must be dated within the last 3 months.</li><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |
| Procura <br /> Documento d'identità del rappresentante legale | Power of Attorney and ID document of the legal representative | <ul><li>Must be dated within the last year and signed.</li><li>An ID document is required if the legal representative is not the account holder.</li><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |
| Struttura organizzativa / Organigramma | Governance structure documentation | <ul><li>Required when the association's governance structure is complex or not clear from other documents.</li><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |
| Formulario Persona Politicamente Esposta (PEP) | Politically Exposed Person (PEP) form | <ul><li>Sent to the user (based on your communication preferences).</li><li>Must be dated and signed.</li></ul> |
```
